what why do you want me to strip I mean
for the Hubble job Oh afford you were
here for the air other chap but ok let's
get started ok the first mission I want
you to do with we will be from Diaz
cheer please ok but you will have to do
it with one of your heads on your pain
like this now try to take into the
kitchen but I'll had to ride your bank
but why I have my reasons now make me a
large sandwich ok no need to refuse your
me but I'm not refusing silence but I
didn't say anything you leave me no
choice did for with the dive into my
stomach will to a circuit page get the
hell out of my hands yes I quit the job
it was absolutely crazy well the thing
is you just do one so what did you want
me to do I want you to kill Oprah
wait who Oprah Winfrey who you know from
the truck shows what's a talk shows wait
I don't think I can use you in this
business wait don't fire me I tell you I
will personally find super guy and I
will hunt him down I am okay you're
fired and I'm afraid I can't even go now
I'll have to kill you oh why won't
people wait for always it up shooting me
well I can't don't care or because they
always end up not getting hurt in a
loving way but it's not going to happen
this time
oh I'm the heart attack call 911 oh you
see how to take down hey crazy I got it
they took what we love move crying bring
it to me I almost feel your browser